feat(kbadge): component reskin [KHCP-8968] (#1800)
Kong/kongponents: docs/components/badge.md

# Badge

KBadge is a visual text label that presents small amount of information.

<KBadge appearance="success">Success</KBadge>

```html
<KBadge appearance="success">Success</KBadge>
```

## Props

### appearance

KBadge component takes one of the following appearance values:

| Appearances  | Methods Appearances |
| ------------ | ------------------- |
| `info`       | `get`               |
| `success`    | `post`              |
| `warning`    | `put`               |
| `danger`     | `delete`            |
| `decorative` | `patch`             |
| `neutral`    | `options`           |
|              | `head`              |
|              | `connect`           |
|              | `trace`             |
|              | `custom`            |

:::tip TIP

> Passing one of the methods appearances will apply `text-transform: uppercase;` and set `min-with` to badge container. You can pass `custom` to apply method badge styling should you need a badge for your custom method.

Reviewer: ...differently how?

      Connect
    </KBadge>
    <KBadge appearance="trace">
      Trace
    </KBadge>
    <KBadge appearance="custom">
      Custom
    </KBadge>
  </div>
</div>

```html
<KBadge appearance="info">Info</KBadge>
<KBadge appearance="success">Success</KBadge>
<KBadge appearance="warning">Warning</KBadge>
<KBadge appearance="danger">Danger</KBadge>
<KBadge appearance="decorative">Decorative</KBadge>
<KBadge appearance="neutral">Neutral</KBadge>
<KBadge appearance="get">Gey</KBadge>
<KBadge appearance="post">Post</KBadge>
<KBadge appearance="put">Put</KBadge>
<KBadge appearance="delete">Delete</KBadge>
<KBadge appearance="patch">Patch</KBadge>
<KBadge appearance="options">Options</KBadge>
<KBadge appearance="head">Head</KBadge>
<KBadge appearance="connect">Connect</KBadge>
<KBadge appearance="trace">Trace</KBadge>
<KBadge appearance="custom">Custom</KBadge>
```

### tooltip

Use this prop to pass tooltip text that will show on badge hover.

<KBadge tooltip="Unpublish service to make changes" appearance="success">
  Published
</KBadge>

```html
<KBadge tooltip="Unpublish service to make changes" appearance="success">
  Published
</KBadge>
```

### truncationTooltip

> Use this prop if you would like to conditionally display a tooltip only when the badge text is truncated. Defaults to `false`. See [`maxWidth` prop](#maxwidth) to learn more about badge truncation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `boolean` to conditionally display the [`tooltip`](#tooltip) only when the badge text is truncated. Defaults to `false`. See [`maxWidth` prop](#maxwidth) to learn more about badge truncation.
```

    <KongIcon />
  </template>
</KBadge>
```

:::tip TIP
If you want to make an icon clickable, you can assign `role="button"` and appropriate `tabindex` attributes to that element and bind an event handler. KBadge will take care of state styling (hover, focus, disabled).

<Transition name="kongponents-fade-transition" mode="out-in">
  <KBadge
    appearance="warning"
    :icon-before="false"
    v-if="showDismissableBadge"
    key="badge"
  >
    Dismiss me
    <template #icon>
      <CloseIcon
        role="button"
        tabindex="0"
        @click="handleIconClick"
      />
    </template>
  </KBadge>
  <KButton v-else key="reset-button" size="small" @click="showDismissableBadge = true">Reset</KButton>
</Transition>

```vue
<template>
  <KBadge
    appearance="warning"
    :icon-before="false"
    v-if="showBadge"
  >
    Dismiss me
    <template #icon>
      <CloseIcon
        role="button"
        tabindex="0"
        @click="handleIconClick"
      />
    </template>
  </KBadge>
</template>

<script setup lang="ts">
import { ref } from 'vue'

const showBadge = ref<boolean>(true)

const handleIconClick = () => {
  showBadge.value = !showBadge.value
}
</script>
:::

> KBadge takes care of icon color, size and spacing as long as you use icons sourced from [@kong/icons](https://github.com/Kong/icons) package.

Reviewer: suggestion: can you move this sentence above the TIP block?

Author: It kinda logically ties to the TIP block below.
